[DOCS] Amends the footnotes in the ML book (#1028)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/df-analytics/flightdata-regression.asciidoc

<1> The destination index which is the output of the {dfanalytics-job}.
<2> Calculate the training error by evaluating only the training data.

> <3> Field containing the actual (ground truth) value.

Reviewer: > Field containing

I'm not sure I understand how this change is an improvement.

Author: @lcawl I tried to achieve shorter sentences with less complicated structures. I thought that this way the sentence is less conversational. Do you prefer to change it back?

> <3> Field containing the actual (ground truth) value.

Author: ```suggestion
<3> The field that contains the actual (ground truth) value.
```

> <4> Field containing the predicted value.

Author: ```suggestion
<4> The field that contains the predicted value.
```
